Selenium Webdriver ---- Functional testing of the browsers (Automation of the browser testing)
		Web Browser Automation
		Automates browsers
		End2End testing (Functional)
		



Jest ---- 	Java script Unit testing 
		Tests react native apps
		Bundled with JSDom to enable DOM testing
		



Jest is a testing framework based on Jasmine that adds a few helpful features for testing React-based applications:

A fake DOM
Support for JSX out of the box
Auto-mocking of modules






Enzyme + Mocha is the best combination to test web applications written in ReactJS.



Functional testing (Unit, Integration, System , Acceptance)
Non Functional (Performance, security, usability, compatibility)






Enzyme (http://airbnb.io/enzyme/index.html)

Enzyme is a JavaScript Testing utility for React that makes it easier to assert, manipulate, and traverse your React Components' output.

Enzyme's API is meant to be intuitive and flexible by mimicking jQuery's API for DOM manipulation and traversal.

Enzyme is unopinionated regarding which test runner or assertion library you use, and should be compatible with all major test runners and assertion 
libraries out there. The documentation and examples for enzyme use mocha and chai, but you should be able to extrapolate to your framework of choice.

If you are interested in using enzyme with custom assertions and convenience functions for testing your React components, you can consider using:

chai-enzyme with Mocha/Chai.
jasmine-enzyme with Jasmine.
jest-enzyme with Jest.
should-enzyme for should.js.
expect-enzyme for expect.

Jasmine, and QUnit

Karma + Jasmine


Enzyme + Mocha is the best combination to test web applications written in ReactJS.


Nightwatch.js .... Selenium/Webdriver..... are good for react end to end testing

The main issues are:

how to know when a React based page has finished rendering all its components
how to know when a React based page a finished re-rerendering some of the components after an update
how to know AJAX calls are finished (that one I admit might depend on the Ajax library used)
And all that in a way that is not just about waiting a fixed amount of time hoping everything is ready.


